Update command variable expansion (#561)
microsoft/onefuzz: docs/command-replacements.md

* `{setup_dir}` : Path to the setup directory
* `{job_id}`: UUID that indicates the Job ID
* `{task_id}`: UUID that indicates the Task ID
* `{reports_dir}`: Path to the directory to write crash reports
* `{crashes_account}`: Azure Storage Account name for the `crashes` container
* `{crashes_container}`: Container name for the `crashes` container

> * `{microsoft_telemetry_key}`: Application Insights key used for [non-attributable telemetry](telemetry.md) collection.

Author: non-attributable is the phrase our existing (approved) documentation includes, but the other parts are good.

> * `{microsoft_telemetry_key}`: Application Insights key used for [non-attributable telemetry](telemetry.md) collection.

Author: ```suggestion
* `{microsoft_telemetry_key}`: Application Insights key used for collecting [non-attributable telemetry](telemetry.md) to improve OneFuzz.
```
